In this lecture, we are going to talk about how we can make use of our agent to perform other operation,
not just about like the current information or anything like that, but we are going to see how we can
build an agent which can do real time data extraction or web page data extraction using a playwright
tool.
So that is what we are going to be discussing in this particular lecture.
So in order to do that I'm going to use a tool which is already built by the community, which is the
uh, let's say lang chain.
R tool.
So if I just go navigate there, this is the tools.
Uh, and if you just go all the way down, you can see that it's a web browsing tool, which is, uh,
there are three tools available and one tool which I really like is the playwright browser tool.
So if I just go choose this tool, you can see that this tool is quite interesting because it has got,
uh, a bundle of toolkits included.
One is the navigate tool, which is going to navigate the browser to any specified URL that you have
got, and you can navigate back tool which is going to navigate you to the previous page.
Click tool, extract text tool.
Extract hyperlink tools.
Get elements tool.
Current page tool.
These are things that are very, very interesting for us to work with because now we can use this within
our code.
And we'll see how that we can make use of it with our large language model as well of course.
But before we start using it with our large language model and with our agents, I'm going to first
use this tool and I will show you how we can make use of it.
So in order for doing that, I'm going to go back to our Visual Studio Code over here.
I'm going to put a markdown here, uh, using playwright uh, browser tool.
And I'm going to add the code over here.
Uh, so in order for working with that, we need to install the playwright, as you can see over here.
So I'm going to go ahead and install that just playwright and also need to install the playwright web
browser toolkit.
I think the Playwright web browser toolkit is just going to be added for us with the toolkits that we
have got.
So I think that should be fine.
So I'm going to put the code over here.
So these are the things just require the from Lang Chain community.
And we have this playwright uh browser toolkit.
And we also need to run and create a async browser code which is this one.
So if you want to run the synchronous code you can also do that.
But if you're going to run the asynchronous code, this is what you should do.
And because we're going to be running this code in the notebooks, we also need to call another library,
which is the uh nest underscore async IO, because this is going to make your code to run, uh, in
the loop in the Repl, loop in the, in the the notebook itself.
And the way you can invoke this is by using nest underscore async dot apply, which is going to do it
for you.
So this is the important part that we have to do in order for our code to execute.
And now we actually need to create the the async browser which which is basically in the playwright,
we need to create the browser instance which can uh, which can be helpful for us to navigate to a page
and things of that nature.
So this is the, uh, this is the place where we create the browser instance, and I'm going to initialize
all the toolkit which the playwright team has provided, like all these toolkits, which is required
for, uh, me to execute.
So I'm going to say, uh playwright web browser toolkit dot and I'm going to say from browser and the
browser is going to be the async browser, which is going to be this guy.
I'm going to list all the toolkit and I will show you how it's going to look like.
So I'm going to say tools is equal to uh toolkit dot uh get tools because remember we need to have all
these tools in place so that we can then pass it to the agent in our upcoming lectures, which can then
execute based on the tools that we have got.
And we can also pass these tools, uh, to perform an app operation using the large language models.
So let's see how many tools that we have got, uh, within this particular async browser.
So we have got Click tools, Navigate Tools, navigate back tool, extract tool and all these things
that we actually saw over here.
All right.
It says current web page tools.
There is a typo there I think this is current web page tool okay cool.
But anyways these are the tools that we have got listed over here.
And now we know what we need to do with this particular tools.
Right?
We can execute this tool by ourselves if we wanted to or if we wanted to uh, use it with LM, we can
do that as well.
So let's try to just use this tool locally and we will see how we can able to navigate to a tool.
So for doing that, first of all, I'm going to get all the tools because I'm going to not use the,
uh, the agent for now.
So I'm just going to say tool dot name, like how we did in our, uh, last lecture while we were talking
about tools, uh, last section.
So I'm going to just do that same thing over here as well.
Tool uh, in tools.
So I'm going to grab all the tools and I'm going to create like a navigate tool.
And this tool I'm going to get by name and I'm going to pass it as navigate uh to Navigate browser,
probably because it's going to be navigating to the browser.
So that is what I'm giving over here.
Uh and then I also need to get the element for that matter, if I want to get it so I can do it as well.
And if I want to get the elements, I can just do get uh, element tool is equal to tools by name.
Uh, and I'm going to say get elements, something like that.
So yeah, these are the tools that I have got over here.
And let's try to print both the navigate tool and the Get Element tool.
You'll notice that we're going to get this particular output over here for both the navigate tool as
well as for the Get Element tool which is great.
Now let's try to use this particular tool and see how that can uh can work.
So I'm going to say uh await navigate tool dot a run like asynchronous run.
And I'm going to say uh URL.
And I'm going to pass the URL here as http colon e app.swami.com Uh, slash employee.
So I'm going to ask the, uh, the tool to navigate me to this particular, uh, page, and you see
that it returns me true over here, which means it could able to navigate it correctly.
And I'm going to grab all the, uh, the table information from this particular link.
So if I'm just going to go copy this URL and if I'm going to go search for this particular URL, I'll
look at that.
We have got these many users over here, uh, in this particular page.
And I want to grab all the information.
I wanted to list it down over here.
So in order for me to do that I'm going to say await, uh, get Element Tools dot a run, and then I'm
going to pass a selector here and that is going to be probably, uh, TD uh, I want to select all the
uh, attributes.
Inside the TD, which is going to be, uh, inner text for that matter.
So if I want to get all the inner text from this particular TD, which is TD, is nothing but this particular
TR, because it's a table row.
And inside the table row you have got TD, which is the table data.
So it is this is how like the tables are being designed in HTML file.
So now I want to get all the information.
Look at that.
It just instantly gives me all the information over here.
See which is amazing.
This is powerful guys.
Now we can see that this tool is quite amazing.
Using this tool we could able to extract the web page and we can grab the information from the web page.
In our next lecture, we will see how we can use this tool along with our AI agent.
And we will see if we could able to perform the action that we are looking for.